Unit 4 Two Truths & A Lie

1. Two of the following statements are true, and one is false. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. You cannot declare the same variable name more than once within a block, even if a block contains other blocks.	
	b. A variable ceases to exist, or goes out of scope, at the end of the block in which it is declared.	
	c. A class's instance variables override locally declared variables with the same names that are declared within the class's methods. [CORRECT]

2. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. Instead of overloading methods, it is preferable to write methods with unique identifiers. [CORRECT]
	b. When you overload Java methods, you write multiple methods with a shared name.	
	c. When you overload Java methods, the methods are called using different arguments.

3. dentify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. When it is part of the same program as void myMethod(int age, String name), the following method would be ambiguous: [CORRECT]
		void myMethod(String name, int age)	
	b. When it is part of the same program as void myMethod(int age, String name), the following method would be ambiguous:
		String myMethod(int zipCode, String address)
	c. When it is part of the same program as void myMethod(int age, String name), the following method would be ambiguous:
		void myMethod(int x, String y)

4. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. When you write a constructor, it can be written to receive parameters or not.	
	b. If a class's only constructor requires an argument, you must provide an argument for every object of the class that you create.	
	c. A default constructor is one that is created automatically. [CORRECT]

5. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. Usually, you want each instantiation of a class to have its own nonstatic data fields, but each object does not need its own copy of most methods.	
	b. The this reference is supplied automatically in classes; you cannot use it explicitly. [CORRECT]
	c. When you use a nonstatic method, the compiler accesses the correct object's field because you implicitly pass an object reference to the method.

6. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. Methods declared as static are called class methods.	
	b. A final static field's value is shared by every object of a class.	
	c. Methods declared as static receive a this reference that contains a reference to the object associated with them. [CORRECT]

7. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. Java packages are available only if you explicitly name them within your program. [CORRECT]
	b. The creators of Java have produced hundreds of classes for you to use in your programs.	
	c. The implicitly imported java.lang package contains fundamental Java classes.

8. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. A nested class resides within another class.	
	b. Exposition describes the relationship between classes when an object of one class is a data field within another class. [CORRECT] 
	c. When you use an object as a data member of another object, you must remember to supply values for the contained object if it has no default constructor.