Unit 3 Two Truths & A Lie

1. Two of the following statements are true, and one is false. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. A method is usually written within another method. [CORRECT]
	b. During one program execution, a method might be called any number of times.	
	c. Any class can contain an unlimited number of methods.

2. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. A method header is also called an implementation. [CORRECT]
	b. When a method is declared with public access, methods in other classes can call it.	
	c. Not all methods return a value, but every method requires a return type.

3. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. A method header always contains a return type, an identifier, and a parameter list within parentheses. [CORRECT]	
	b. A class can contain any number of methods, and each method can be called any number of times.	
	c. Arguments are used in method calls; they are passed to parameters in method headers.

4. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. The return type for a method can be any type used in Java, including int, double, and void.	
	b. You cannot place a method within another method, but you can call a method from within another method.	
	c. A method's declared return type must match the type of the value used in the parameter list. [CORRECT]

5. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. An application or class that instantiates objects of another prewritten class is a class client.	
	b. A class is an instantiation of many objects.	[CORRECT]
	c. Objects gain their attributes and methods from their classes.

6. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. Most fields in a class are private, and most methods are public.	
	b. A class header contains an optional access specifier, the keyword class, and an identifier.	
	c. When you instantiate objects, each has its own copy of each static data field in the class. [CORRECT]

7. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. When you create a class from which objects will be instantiated, most methods are nonstatic because they are associated with individual objects.	
	b. The keyword static is used with classwide methods, but not for methods that "belong" to objects.	
	c. Static methods are instance methods.	[CORRECT]

8. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. An object name is a reference; it holds a memory address.	
	b. When you declare an object, you give it a name and set aside enough memory for the object to be stored. [CORRECT]
	c. When you don't write a constructor for a class, Java creates one for you; the name of the constructor is always the same as the name of its class.

9. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. The automatically supplied default constructor sets all numeric fields to 0, character fields to Unicode ' \u0000', Boolean fields to false, and fields that are object references to null.	
	b. When you write a constructor, it must have the same name as the class it constructs, and it cannot have a return type.	
	c. In Java, you cannot write a default constructor; it must be supplied for you automatically. [CORRECT]

10. Identify the false statement and explain why it is false.
	a. Unlike a primitive variable, an instantiated object cannot be passed into or returned from a method. [CORRECT]
	b. When you declare a primitive variable or instantiate an object from a class, you provide both a type and an identifier.	
	c. The address of an instantiated object can be assigned to a declared reference of the same type.	